Second Song
Hail, Hail, my Fatherland, Hail, O God, our Fatherland,
I come for thee, O my trail, Come and reach the land of hell.
Hail, hail, O my Fatherland, Hail, Hail, my Fatherland,
Let's stand up and in English, sing all the Mark the Herald.
Mark the Herald, angels sing, Glory to the newborn King,
Peace on earth and mercy mild, God and sin his reconciled,
Join the holy nations rise, Join the triumph of the skies,
Hail, Hail, my Fatherland, Hail, Hail, my Fatherland,
Mark the Herald, angels sing, Glory to the newborn King.
The first word is c'luh, c'luh, after that it gets easy.
Here we go everybody in Welsh.
C'luh la chun, Some time ago a living, a living man,
Every day, every week a soldier is still my friend,